Stylewrapper `buildStyleObjectFromData` fixes accounting for container blocks (#6832)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/block-style-wrapper.md

```

You can use it for further control over the positioning and layout of the block.

> ## Custom style wrapper build style object enhancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Style object builder enhancer
```

> The style wrapper has a helper method that generates a style object from the block data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The style object builder has a helper method that generates a style object from the block data.
```

Author: This one is fine I think, I'd leave it as it is.

> This generated style object is ready to be injected into the style property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generated style object is available to inject into the style property.
```

You can tap into this helper method by applying your own rules programmatically.

> You can achieve this by defining an utility of the `type` `styleWrapperStyleObjectEnhancer`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a utility of the `type` `styleWrapperStyleObjectEnhancer` as follows.
```

```ts
  config.registerUtility({
    name: 'blockThemesEnhancer',
    type: 'styleWrapperStyleObjectEnhancer',
    method: blockThemesEnhancer,
  });
```

> The registered method has this signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registered method has the following signature.
```

```ts

> type blockThemesEnhancerType = ({data, container}: {data: BlocksFormData, container: BlocksFormData}) => Record<`--${string}`, string>

Reviewer: Must this be on one line? It's hard to read and it causes the reader to scroll the code block horizontally to view it.

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Much better!

```

> being `data` the current block, and `container` is the parent block (if the block is in a block container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data` is the current block, and `container` is its parent block, if the current block is in a block container.
```
